Hearthstone Card Search
The following information applies to search parameters used with the /hearthstone/cards endpoint.

Default search values
If you do not include any search parameters, cards are filtered by using the following logic:

Cards from all sets in constructed play are shown. To view only Standard cards, include the parameter set=standard or setGroup=standard.
Only collectible cards will be returned. See the Collectible vs. uncollectible section for more information about the collectible parameter.
Cards are sorted by localized name in ascending order by default. Multiple sort parameters can be passed in to return desired sorted results.
A default page limit controls how many cards are returned per page. Only the first page is shown if no page number is requested.
Filtering on numeric values
When searching for cards, the manaCost, health, and attack parameters use numeric values. When filtering on numeric fields, you can request a precise value (health=4) or a comma-separated list of values (health=4,5,6).

The largest value you can search for within these fields is 10. Searching with attack=10 returns all cards that have an attack value of 10 or greater.

Collectible vs. uncollectible cards
Collectible cards are cards that can be included in your in-game collection. Cards are uncollectible if they are generated by other cards or are available only through special brawls and single-player content.

For example, Cenarius (card ID 36) can summon two Treants (card ID 678) when played. Cenarius is a collectible card. Treants are uncollectible cards. When you perform a default card search, Cenarius will be included in the results but Treants will not.

The data for Cenarius includes a list of childIds that contains 678, the id of a Treant. You can use this information to retrieve a Treant as a single card:

https://us.api.blizzard.com/hearthstone/cards/678?locale=en_US
To return only uncollectible cards in a search, use the parameter collectible=0. To return both collectible and uncollectible cards, use collectible=0,1.

Text search
Using the textFilter parameter results in a search of multiple fields within the card.
For example, requesting the URL /hearthstone/cards?locale=en_US&textFilter=give%20your%20minions returns all cards that include text such as Give your minions +1/+1.
Searches with a textFilter value must include a locale value. Search results will be drawn from the text in the specified language.
The search results will include any text matches found in the name, text, or minionType fields.
Partial matches are included.
Whitespace and punctuation are ignored, so search results on short strings might contain a few unexpected cards.
Keyword search
Keywords describe common effects on many cards. For example, a minion card with the Battlecry keyword does something when first played. A minion with the Rush keyword can attack another minion immediately. The relationships are represented as links within the card data.

If you include a parameter like keyword=rush, the value must be a valid slug from metadata; however, the response will include all cards whose English text contains the English name of the keyword. This can sometimes result in additional cards being returned that have the exact keyword association. For example, if you search for the Rush keyword, the search results will include Serrated Tooth because it is a weapon that acts on Rush cards, even though it does not have the Rush effect itself.

Sortable fields
Cards are sorted by name in ascending order by default. If no locale is provided, it will use en-us.

Cards can be sorted by multiple sort option and sort direction pairings.

Valid values for the sort option parameter are manaCost, attack, health, name, dataAdded, class and groupByClass.

Valid values for sort direction are asc (ascending) and desc (descending).

Sorting conforms to the following syntax:

[sort option]:[sort direction]

Sorting can support multiple sort parameters that are separated by commas. The priority of sorting depends on the order of sorts options passed into the sort query. The API performs a stable sort from left (highest priority sort) to right (lowest priority sort).

Examples:

Sort by mana cost in ascending order, then sort by attack in descending order, then sort by classes in ascending order.

sort=manaCost:asc,attack:desc,classes:asc
Adding the new sort parameter groupByClass will return results sorted by class order.

Ascending order: Demon Hunter, Druid, Hunter, Mage, Paladin, Priest, Rogue, Shaman, Warlock, Warrior, Neutral

Deprecated
Order

Since order is paired with sort option values, the order parameter will not be used in the future. Single sort requests that use the order parameter will still function for now, but may be unavailable in future updates. These requests will be converted into the new sort syntax detailed above.

Old Syntax

sort=manaCost&order=asc
New Syntax

sort=manaCost:asc
Card text markup
The text field of a card sometimes contains simple markup. As with standard HTML, the <b></b> tag indicates bold text, and the <i></i> tag indicates italic text. Here are some examples.

Text field	Output displayed
Your Beasts have <b>Charge</b>.
Your Beasts have Charge.
Gain 1 Armor. <i>(Upgrades each turn!)</i>.
Gain 1 Armor. (Upgrades each turn!)
Hearthstone Card Library
If you need help learning how to use the search parameters, please visit the Card Library page on the official Hearthstone website. As you update the filters with the controls, the page URL will automatically update with valid parameters that also work with the API.